h1. PAS v3 API Wrapper Class for PHP

h2. What this is

This is a class written in PHP that is created to make it easier to remotely interact with the PAS system from other systems.  The class itself is in the /lib/ folder and contains two files described below.

We will continue to update the API wrapper as we add additional functionality to the API - we'll also be adding additional updated examples to help you get started quickly, too.  If you have any requests for samples or functionality please let us know!

h3. pas-api-wrapper.php

This is the wrapper class for API interaction.  It actually contains two classes, a parent class called 'PAS_API' for handling basic interaction plus a child class called 'PAS_Member' which is used for interacting directly with Member queries and actions.  These are just examples meant to show you how to get started quickly - we definitely encourage you to make changes and additions to fit your needs!

h3. curl.php

This is a generic class to handle Curl HTTP requests and is what the API wrapper class uses for all of it's outgoing requests.

h2. Bonus - Ruby Method to Sign Requests

Below is a Ruby method that will allow you to easily sign your API requests.  This code is identical in function to the PHP example shown on the Docs page.

<pre>
<code>
require 'base64'
require 'openssl'
require 'cgi'

def createSignature(api_access_key, api_token, request_method, request_path, timestamp)
  data = api_token + request_method.to_s + request_path.to_s + timestamp.to_s
  signature = OpenSSL::HMAC.digest(OpenSSL::Digest::SHA1.new, api_access_key, data)
  CGI::escape(Base64.encode64(signature).chomp)
end

sig = createSignature('BaEc8f13QlXgjQd4fBQ', '143aec8f13dfcc6cb364e6a9c9ff4bb0', 'GET', '/publisher_members/404043.xml', '1276980199')

puts sig
</code>
</pre>

h2. More Info

"PAS v3 API: Intro":http://community.pokeraffiliatesolutions.com/site-administration/1615-pas-v3-api-beta-release.html#post7873
"PAS v3 API: Getting Started":http://community.pokeraffiliatesolutions.com/site-administration/1616-pas-v3-api-usage-overview.html
"PAS v3 API: Actions & Calls":http://community.pokeraffiliatesolutions.com/site-administration/1616-pas-v3-api-usage-overview.html#post7878
"Documentation Home":http://www.pokeraffiliatesolutions.com/docs/
"PokerAffiliateSolutions.com":http://www.pokeraffiliatesolutions.com/